<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_manage_test_cases">
    <title>Manage Test Cases</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Testsigma provides a comprehensive and user-friendly solution for efficiently creating,
            organising, executing test cases. It enables teams to collaborate efficiently, ensures
            maximum test coverage, and provides valuable insights into the testing work flow. Users
            can create test cases using either the Test Sigma Recorder or by manually writing steps
            using NLP. This document gives users step by step on how to manage test case in Test
            sigma to optimise the testing process.</p>
        <ol id="steps_b3v_lfg_yyb">
            <li> Navigate to <uicontrol>Create Tests>Test Cases</uicontrol> in the left side navbar.
                Click the <uicontrol>Create Test Case</uicontrol> button in the top right corner of
                the <uicontrol>Test Case List</uicontrol> page to create a test case. </li>
            <li> Replace <b>Untitled</b> in the top left corner of the screen on the <b>Test Case
                    Details</b> page with a <b>Title </b> for the title case. </li>
            <li> You can create the test steps for your test case using either of the following
                methods: <ol id="substeps_pfp_x3g_yyb">
                    <li> Write Test Steps Manually using NLPs by clicking <uicontrol>Add new
                            step</uicontrol>
                    </li>
                    <li> Use Testsigma <b>Recorder</b> to Record steps. </li>
                </ol>
                <itemgroup/>
            </li>
        </ol>
        <section id="section_b15_dj4_yyb">
            <title>Prerequisites</title>
            <p>Ensure you create a Project before creating or editing test cases in testsigma.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
